popping up
yo what is up YouTube this is the venom
in gaming here and today I will be
showing you how to get black ops 2 for
pc free so first off go to this website
everything will be in the description
below click the orange button right here
follow the steps and it should be on
your desktop after so after you've done
that go to this website everything will
be in the description below like I told
you before so click get this torn right
here click OK and it should be in
utorrent you could use a different kind
of application to get torrents but i'm
just showing you with utorrent because
it's the easiest that I find so now when
this is done downloading double click on
it and this should pop up so double
click on read me first and it just
basically says your PC requirements and
how to play zombies and how to play
multiplayer with box because I don't
think this is a version with multiplayer
so I will be back when you double-click
the part 1 all right this should have
popped up on your desktop you should put
the folder on your desktop because you
will need to go through it to play
multiplayer or zombies so just click
browse desktop and click ok and now
click install this might take up to 5 to
10 minutes because there's five parts to
it so I will be back when it's done so
this should have popped up on your
desktop you can delete this right here
right click delete this to you can
delete because there is that thing in
this folder if you ever need to update
it or any other reason so here there's
multiplayer single-player and zombies i
will show u gameplay and two seconds
so here you go guys the game is starting
up on the bottom should say call duty
black ops 2 NOS team just to prove that
it is working it's their version and
i'll just let it boot up for you that's
horrible framerate 20 frames per second
whoo so here you go guys as you can see
there is multiplayer campaign zombies so
if you have enjoyed this video please
set that like button and subscribe peace
Oh